Implement the SAD natural orbitals guess (doi:10.1021/acs.jctc.8b01089). (#1672)
psi4/psi4: doc/sphinxman/source/introduction.rst

  and M. F. Guest, *J. Comput. Chem.* **27**, 926 (2006).
  (doi: `10.1002/jcc.20393 <http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/jcc.20393>`_).

|PSIfour| also features a SAD natural orbital guess, an extended

> Hückel guess that employs on-the-fly atomic calculations alike the SAD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
H\ |u_dots|\ ckel guess that employs on-the-fly atomic calculations alike the SAD
```

guess, as well as a superposition of atomic potentials (SAP) guess
that is based on screening of atomic nuclei. The SAD natural orbitals,

> Hückel and SAP guesses have been described in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
H\ |u_dots|\ ckel and SAP guesses have been described in
```
